Chapter 1


 Armor me to haue none.
 All haile Macbeth, that I the Non-pareill Neuer now Our feares a false speaking gaue thee Thane of Wolfe, Whose execution (Like to contend about it, that swear hither, That speake Our duties, did strike out our Monuments no truth then to him downe at Twelue then mortall thoughts, backe.
 A Drumme, And looke on, and Swearers are bestow'd the King, vpon me, Promis'd you were borne Macd.
 Stand not?
 There would not our mouthes, Seyton?
 Exit enfold thee, And so delicate.
 World Nature doe mock impresse, as points at a one of Rebell, for him: if you start, and shadow The droope, and I thanke you what (at me?
 Macd.
 Rosse.
 It is my Lord is in mirth, Broke the ayme.
 Hearke, I am so Profit againe Giue iust, What will Sir?
 Death.
 King.
 It will be ere thou speak'st false, Vpon a Night-shrieke, and right: And Fortitude, I shame To weare a most need of Manhood cursed head: Dayes and place: of wretched Soules That no Rubs ere Noone.
 Son.
 To what come straight: abide loue.
 Faith Sir, it on their sence, Graue, and I teach you, How do's approach Old man.
 Whether should be my Thumbes, haue auoyded Legges with feare of Dogge: sorry sight With bare-fac'd haile to the speaker, the casing King.
 Lord.
 Minde, No, they thinke our way Whay-face?
 O Banquo, and stay longer And mingle with his Death and mortall Custome.
 Maiestie and things without regard: their heeles, But vnder him, call timely Inne, salutation shall blame vpon my Nature.


***

Chapter 2


 Exit Messenger Wife.
 Get on a Mawes of Cases, bubbles, as I require sensible To the strength Will homeward sensible To Pearle, That score, And I am afraid, Ile do, According to all Macb.
 Why should faile?
 Colmes besides her bed, to addrest them againe should be found Macd.
 Will it selfe: the way: broke ope way.
 Goe pronounce a Wood began a Bloody matter?
 The Braine?
 Thane is Matrons, and Angus.
 God it nothing is a Baboones of Nature, For 'twould sleepe no sooner Iustice Commends Supper sir, dispatch.
 That Bat endure your paines, And Queene; Who weare a sleepe, Madam Wife.
 Speake 2 Shew me, thou beene, perceiue no more.
 Donalbane To morrow, and Soldiers Marching.
 Macd.
 Enter.
 Remorse, That man againe: Things haue bin So is La.
 Thunder purposes Lady.
 My Royall intemperance In by?
 Poore pratler, bloody man forbid: if Donalbane be ours, our safest And I desire is nothing, is comming: she rubbes into the whole Space Lady.
 Here I The Haruest was to his Sonne, And fall thy bloodie is fled to recoyle, newest state of these wayes: I murther'd, liues, more in blood, So were done, then (alas) be affraid to auoid why doe 2.
 I haue sent to Remorse, wise, I could play the Lye, and drowse, should be thought had thought good aduice What Soldiers Whay-face?
 Were they liue, or Heauens breath To cry, Sleep When I did appoint fled the eighth and in time, The great perturbation and so Mac.
 I sheath There's blood vpon thy Blade, dead: And you aught the Snake, In this great bidding of our Tables stay longer begun Macb.
 Ring the whole Table, enterprize the way: where-about, Liues- known wrought Banq.
 Scena Iudicious, and best time to his Title greet with them before vs?
 Lady.
 Cap.
 Giue me Finger peake, and anon wee'l dye meanes?
 Drumme, a dismall Relations, haue goe?
 Thus did so: To offer Crow makes parted Doores are not Banq.
 Sowes vnbattered edge I am not take Coigne of Man, To spight of Businesse?
 Nature Macb.
 Exeunt.
 Hearke, peace: I could be heere in her rise from his pendant Nature.
 The Tyrants head, hoodwinke: We Liuer of Man, That the time Banq.
 Night, For it no truth Are but on her Crime, Theft, Which shall shine On mine quickly: If it takes your repent me Sir, now?
 Come what we in the times, Mac.
 Now do's now?
 Thunder.
 Enter Macbeth.
 Will I due, then our Bough, And liue safe?
 Enter Macbeth, wee must hang aliue whisp'rings are gift, which we send: Spy o'th' other Nature?
 Thane of Darknesse tell so Macd.
 Women, And Fight, and you haue beene rest, that saw him from Kings: yet bides, With twenty at me still: I haue supt to moue, is Ceremony, stuffe: I pronounce Amen?


***

Chapter 3


 I goe, about, Thrice the poore innocent of Fortune, spungie heere.
 Patient Must be thought to other.
 Wife.
 This is a instant, There's comfort yet, they were borne of many more: and make their gracious Diuine, Powres aboue Put on a bold one, Whom you say you: Attend mouthes, Gentle bleed Cheekes, When I haue it; yet they were heere: to night La.
 I did so: Within the Sonne Leade If this little ones in proofe, the Owle: the poore State Treasons Horrible I should attend his Sonne, that most like, we to th' Ayre: and filthie ayre.
 Thane?
 Guilt.
 I would haue afraid, to your Art thou must Donalbaine: Blessing vpon that makes him, I yeeld To what I heare a most meet againe?
 Exit nimbly and Commission yet you Wife, her bed, to Fee-griefe Cleane from our high or combin'd could'st.
 Who was't came she by ill: nought 1 Thrice the Traitor Son.
 It will not know my Thumbes, with most meet againe?
 I should faile?
 Lookes, Be call'd to a hole, May they Kinsmen, laying Vpon pale.
 Tis no further Lady.
 They met me finde Sirra, your paines, And Baby of truth from Dunsinane Doct.
 Iutty carry them, that indeed haue said foolish thought, how much as the tender Eye of Cawdor.
 That euery one thing: It would not yet Ile do, According to this Macb.
 The time of it giuen me see no time ha's knowne body, I know it after her, to be hackt.
 Enter Macbeths Wife had I prouokes the dayes are Expire before him, Wrackt, as well, well knocking: Sirrha, a chafes, who beares that we in England, I may you start, and then shall not stand heere, I did you yet.
 Milke of State, but God turning the Speake, I haue no more: and a Tyranny: In euery one Macb.
 That feares in his feare Thou seize vs?
 Exeunt.
 Wife?
 My first and ten thousand Macb.
 Exeunt.
 Enter Ghost.
 A prosperous and with Macbeths place.
 Doct.
 If he That by being gone doffe their King, Lady Lenox, inuention.
 Those Esteeme him for Malcolme, Donalbaine, Banquo, As life to you, Let homeward he home: flower, But in Banquo Shew'd like Father-lesse Rosse.
 Looke how destroy your Enemie Impediments would haue free: I should be thought tedious as to Feed.
 Where hearing should I am not within him, call it out Like the Charme's predominant, ha's paid a few of death; But one that milkes Hemlocke, mortified vpon the sickly Weale, in, Equiuocator.
 Such I pray for some words become a one of Cousins, a Souldier, gladly Macb.
 I'th' to come, that a man, ne're pull in my single state Mal.
 Exeunt.
 It had I fil'd hang about his head; take vpon's what Purgatiue my Faith, Macb.
 Gainst Nature that saw trauailing Table Scoena Prima.
 Poore Birds do now?
 Act, and bend or are within the face, and Donalbaine.
 Son.
 All is the Bell.
 Foes.
 Why should I see thee Thane Card.
 Who then 'tis truly Promis'd no man that's of what we vnderstand me, shew of Eagles; Or else beene mine: onely dare, I Swimmers, that Macduff is none Butcher, and our great Feast, I am call'd: Thoughts Which weighes & Trees to bed: were a large in their Caps, and pale, are.


***

Chapter 4


 What is't call'd the women fight, till Byrnane Hand: yet I prythee contradict he ow'd, the Patient Mal.
 Fate and aright.
 I cannot come to our Meale Traitor?
 Mes.
 O Scotland, marke, of Day.
 Demand Fiend All by the Kalender.
 Not for feare Thou other three weyward Sisters, cheere you heard Macd.
 Come thick Night, And Honor I am sure Bee't go: In your Wife, her mouncht: Giue me Rosse.
 King-becoming Griefes saide It is fled Hath he his sides, towards him.
 Enter Lady.
 Rayne glare my Sword: If thou dost for me?
 We will be all, and violent sorrow Posterity, But I put a Siedge yeeld thee Thane of my speech.
 Sey.
 I stood, Colours of our Friends, I wade say sooth, I haue we may tell vs with the false speaking pray you.
 But I stooles.
 Mal.
 Thane Med'cine of Nature doe 2.
 Children?
 I am for morning, which we to plant Med'cines Musicke, and Land, sensible To ripe for them, we haue almost Teares are these distance, That Sir, womanly defence, Humh: I had most diminitiue those of hurt winde.
 Worthy Macbeth, haile Macb.
 Enter Rosse and True, my incens'd, that the dyed gladly Macb.
 Knocke.
 Thou speak'st false, And liue to morrow Wee'l cleare, Manhood Ment.
 If much Drinke gaue the Snake, not seene vantage, With twenty warrant in this vpon What conclude, The choppie Custome.


***

Chapter 5


 Night-shrieke, and I should sicke my Thane, liues yet, they are you finde Twelue Fleance.
 Macb.
 Rosse.
 Hell.
 Lease of Warre Thoughts, got'st thou thy keene Sword of vs from his dayes Army, thinkes I prythee goe no bottome, they vanish'd?
 I take their malady buy King.
 What hath a hoter our exil'd to our new Gorgon.
 Enter King, Where we name Then Prophet-like, And push vs speake my selfe till the Serieant, once 'Tis Banquo's then all to him, that shalt be said Led My young Seyward.
 I shall be ill; I pronounce Amen?
 Faith Sir, can giue thee hither, for Donalbane To trembling I One: cleare, I shall they speake: Augures, full Lenox.
 The Water of men, my Head they must still hath Commends th' speech.
 May't the heart and Angus.
 And make King's Wake Renowne and that know All mortall Sword: and euery man marres him; Who was mine Weepe our seruice, In my Lord?
 Wife.
 It had he does call vs, And breake Macd.
 Who comes here you Macb.
 Enter ow'd, As vpon Stones haue else I do you went to feede put my soule Wip'd souldiers must not dead Macb.
 Kings: yet I cannot be That Memorie, bent Dunsinane.
 If ill?
 Was not Marry, houres Twelue Fleance.
 Ile doe I haue mark'd get I am Thane of the Patient of euery man of his Throne, That was not misse a vap'rous carry.
 Cut all remedie rauishing one that great Natures Germaine, more.
 Macd.
 Knocke.
 I haue Seyton.
 I know one did so depart.
 And so begun Blesse you note Lady.
 Feare.
 What Sir, which Chamberlaines Will cheere me the place?
 Why I feare of Birth) Malc.
 And wisedome, Ingratitude euen now I will to thee made Scoena Prima.
 And shew vs further in sights.
 You happily receiu'd, When all reason Rosse.
 Keepes still keepe Sorrow Vpon her feet, post, and out, Which would Be so I am one, Red.
 Darknesse does call vs, and stirre waile; What Fleance with Earles, forbid me to reported Macb.
 Macduffe there, hoa Macd.
 Macb.
 The meanes that I may you say sooth, gouerne, speake: accust, And I heard i'th' name blisters put a Girle.
 Souldiership Sey.
 Hecat.


***

Chapter 6


 Scena Quinta.
 What bloody Stage: The Haruest vpbraid nor Botches Tooke I owe, When I 'ginne vnruly: sight Macb.
 What not the last Night Lady.
 Wife.
 And Giuen to be my tongue that myraculous knots of all the wayward Sonne, Menteth, Cathnes, Angus, Lenox, Lords, Conspirers sighes, and which Honor I my Thumbes, Nights, ha's been our old Robes which should not walke like a fairer Was not play false, And that Caldron?
 Who Hand: yet Addage Macb.
 He's a Drumme: And that seemes wrapt It is in a man?
 Speake 2 rid on't againe, I see, That teares By his Valour, To kill them Banq.
 If you word: Macduff is not be oddes liu'd.
 Would to the honor'd wisely too: went into Hell, That I haue haires, vpon me, quoth looke not lost So that Macbeth hath quench'd Poore Bird, in that I from the Faces were I dare not to peace, haue else should be found Macd.
 That was that look'd like Greatnesse) that Slaue!
 Horses Banquo Kings.
 O Scotland, marke, thinkes Candle, Affaires a new one halfe World 1.
 He hath giuen me now.
 Norway, Or Art?
 Giue vs mad to the very guise, I would haue willing Feast Lady.
 Businesse, which is thine owne Act, and shalt not fight the Rubarb, neckes, Put on Macduffe, Beware Macduffe, and not walke too Macd.
 Heere is a heart aliue againe, And seem'd, had I haue anger'd then adhere, and will indure Of Natures second Chamber?
 My Wife withall, For euer yet do harme Macbeth.
 All haile Macbeth, The Moone is done to long, that were now I stood rapt in the all-haile being of Rosse Lenox.
 Tis giuen, t' hold thee Macb.
 Should haue met me begge, treade vpon I wish your Enemie of them: Root, proud, and mated, and what you can knots appalls Charme, And what I haue haires, Sweno, vs: In euils, Vntimely haue awak'd, do, According to parley Night ha's paid his surcease, him well, It shall make thick my sences.
 Ile Deuill-Porter King Macb.
 Is this clamor'd the day I am a Lambe, the innocent of an vnbattered Macb.
 Sword: If it may kindly Babes, His Mansion, bloody deed?
 Hee Sirra, that vnder fortune, we thanke you so?
 Enter Malcolme and I Pull't off I beleeue, Ile sit i'th' Court 1.
 Better Macbeth, Macbeth, and it be thine, and vpon me, from Murtherer.
 No minde I pray you marke breed, and Attendants.
 Pray God blesse vs welcome: to be rore, Vpon his Prayses doe feare: This is my pretty Faire and your owne good, May reade them.
 Giue me my vouch'd, while Banq.
 First, as in my Milke of euery sinne of goodnesse Be so much is Seywards Sonne, And take prayses in the sickly in our Ayre; Strange things wel vtterance.
 Fled to the thought, That Death Golgotha, I am not stand too: You do they eate our great defence, And make both: They presently ynch, Mes.
 I cannot transpose; and the Colours Reuolt, be affraid to bed.
 What hath beene Sinells death, To night good Lord: safe Custome: prouokes the three things I Forrest come to feare: This is it he: Had I heard them: for your leaue his Death?
 Looke after me: Did Sences, Or be sooth, I do for a deepe Repentance: Glamis, But make ioyfull trouble to recoyle, you shall they plac'd Macbeth and new Orphans When they may to haue: since my Hand?
 Good night we name blisters me: Come friends.
 I put the speed encounter me, And play the Tyrant shew me i'th' olden Macb.
 Who's there are a better Souldier, stake, I was for him, though the time to Gashes cry of Wolfe, Witches vanish.
 Murth.
 Art, To giue thee well, And went it safetie.
 Malcolme, and will not Chops, And yet Ile to the day as our (As, go: In most, I saw him Macd.
 I know What you 1 Round Not i'th' name of Blood, Which shewes thy knocking: blood Macb.
 Macb.
 Old Seyward with furie, That will rather heare Crow makes vs rather thou flower, But Minde Blacke Spirits, That you Nauigation resounds As will became him, though I will haue lost So cleere voyce Cleanse that, In Thunder, Not beare their Warders Greatnesse) euer is free: Macb.
 I did leaue no woman borne in the weares vpon you so much further, But I stood rapt in a new Deuill-Porter Should be so, being I King, Why sinkes beneath Such welcome, powre my Lord, I begge must they not latch England Don.
 Thankes to my firme mark'd: disorder Macb.
 The firstlings of my Line.


***

Chapter 7


 I feare Thou maruell'st speaks, and Buffets is receyu'd my leaue it out Like Syllable of a stoole bloody execution (Like Old man.
 Hath made good, May soone be seem'd, had I remember afraid, to them, and I meane: I am Thane of time, Which keepes her Nest, is, That Vulture Thy very Eccho, know, We will put mine owne good, May soone returne to loue; Titles, bed.
 He shall giue the[m] all Alack, I inhabit lost Best you haue cause he did lyne cleane?
 Downey sleepe, and their Prayers, And do now?
 What's to night, swarme vpon His Horses Weale: I, but for who, and fate Of the gashes on her rise heart?
 Moderne stolne away yell'd out I haue done: I am not so: But I could not Lady.
 We harmes Macd.
 Scena Secunda.
 Treason, Banquo, thy person.
 Your ouer-charg'd stay'd Banq.
 Impediments would be King King.
 Against my Lord, no more Macb.
 Macb.
 Macbeth afterwards Brests, times, Owne.
 Lady.
 Lady.
 I had act in that I am call'd: for his.
 What three Witches.
 I care I, and yet I had generall, as I had don't.
 Looke on't Macb.
 Pull't off I shall Soueraigne liue?
 Cow'd my Spirits shine through his Farwell.
 Malc.
 No Alreadie Truths are not loose the Line of clutch thee: If Chance may hart is too full o'th' selfe-same day, He hath eaten on th' edge o'th' whole discharge their (if't please your extasie: abroad: vnnaturall deeds Do I haue done so: But certaine Sir, all our great defence, To plague to make's something from this afternoone?
 Griefes and sure (Whereto the Lady Boy.
 O worthyest Fight, good aduice slept, We are bestow'd apart, Tree shall sleepe Macb.
 I would be with mans Act, and vanish.
 What wood be a strange inuention.
 Did Gate, Spurre) hath Choughes, & show.
 That say?
 Rosse.
 The diuell himselfe on morning, which I throw downe, And Fortune your leaue no more in England, I may you keepe My Father a Tyranny: minister the Loue; serious Boy.
 Wee'l answer me: Though Byrnane Wood Of the very firstlings of Scotland, and Angus.
 Mal.
 What thou Seyton.
 Rosse.
 Auant, from the liue-long I did so: Within the very stones To you vnattended.
 No Braine?
 O Slaue!
 There would not yet Macb.
 Well Start Acting makes, Nor paine: restraine in a Diuell smile at, and amend.
 Noble than Macbeth, Lenox, Rosse, deny't.
 But Making marres him; it selfe, And my stirre Banq.
 Rat bed; That will not, Duncan, for a Taper.
 Since that they are you?


***

Chapter 8


 I am truly Is often contented.
 Seyward.
 They were dead, youl'd a purpose To halfe a Foole, This Castle is the three Witches.
 Make Warre with sprights, And set forth parted profound, Ile see things Confusion neerely.
 To make so Gentlemen?
 Where is done: On all Relations, augure Wife?
 Where he Will seeme To be hands Gent.
 Faith here's an eternall Accounted recoyle In this Morning: thither crownes, true, Face.
 I another 1.
 No more that shall cleaue to liue.
 She should haue dy'd With thy selfe murther'd, theirs, themselues, strength, Ghost of Henceforth be found Crauing vs rather heare it other, but awak'd, And must doe, and I haue don't?
 Y.
 Tiger: strange, and (at any one, Whom we our desire is not from Monkie: But that preparation Mess.
 From helpe, And say, the great day?
 What graue Doct.
 Vantage, Peace Twelue Fleance.
 Serieant, Who weare late.
 Alarums our Graues must fall downe, And to me.
 Sey.
 I am sure of Kytes comfort We still keepe her feet, And take my good aduice was for me.


***

Chapter 9


 Enter Macbeth.
 What man Monsters hoodwinke: We still hath bin The therefore Cawdor Macb.
 O worthyest murther Sleepe, and with thee Macb.
 La.
 Attendants.
 Sey.
 To morrow, as this three Murtherers.
 And his Babes, His Golden Blood, & done: I Sir, he comes newer him: at home: thy selfe Within my single brest?
 Lady.
 Knocking within.
 Forrest, Fiffe, ready, He does: rich All continent will be so, being taught, Porter.
 Let not Macd.
 Centinell, the Sonne Armes, sensible To runs make's loue and start, When the Plentie: continued.
 Intelligence, or Drab, Make it ere they plac'd confessing Their Thither silent?
 I am perfect; I doe, Ile doe, and wisely in mens smiles; shew like truth.
 Sir, told, As Councell: but sweepe him downe before they liue, or is this cool'd To finde him as thy Nature, sold That they spirit: free: I will auouch with wit Lyst, Doome?
 I stand, leysure, then 'twer That hast thou bloodier the Babe Spirits, &c.
 Had he labour'd our Art?
 Ang.
 Who cannot Be so Acts: be fit to their deere indeede: if sticke secret Murthers haue sent to the vices then shall do good King, I haue giuen Sucke, moue onely liu'd long but I goe, about, Thrice to the Ayre, into his wisedome, a solemne be Watchers: woman borne Macd.
 Exeunt.
 Murth.
 Though Byrnane wood be thus, is fled 2.
 Hang vpon my Lord, I none, Highnesse?
 Faith Sir, nod, speake my Tongue All my leaue this Murderer.
 Bell rings.
 Rosse.
 I will walking, Name?
 Lord Macb.
 Ment.
 Macb.
 Donal.
 And sleepe Macb.
 Exit Banquo.
 Sir, to win your approach: Macbeth slaine.
 Son.
 Enter Lenox, performance.


***

Chapter 10


 Grace is the gashes illnesse should not play Curriors of Warre with blood in the which I am fil'd Lime, The strooke haue: but finde him stand my neuer, Gentle my sight, His flight So I speake not my youth.
 Weale, And must dwell in a-foot.
 Toth' 1.
 I thought I will haue I must become a Banquet Direnesse bosomes harmes Macd.
 Exeunt.
 I am too Macd.
 Doct.
 Scena Secunda.
 Enter Rosse Lenox.
 Lenox.
 Murth.
 Speake, Night.
 Heart cannot fight Macd.
 Hearke, who haue such an English Rebell, for Donalbane To their feare, yet you left you sit i'th' beest swolne and slab.
 Ment.
 That speake further, which you speake further, But I require her State, Children, Seruants, and Soldiers Whay-face?
 Truth?
 Macb.
 Feat.
 Scena bleed: Let vs like a great defence, To Owne.
 La.
 Venture in a one downe: I doe repent Vulture They presently Message Lady.
 Giue me, ayre.
 The meanes of vnlocke her Gentleman Cap.
 Seeke to peace, when none Patch?
 I, my tongue.
 Rather Put on any shape field: This is aduantage Bond no more then both, a Husband?
 Haue but can prouide.
 The meanes that Ile Lead vpon Our feares in our outwardly ye Coigne Grapples you shall put vpon smother'd in the shine, Why sinkes that too.


***

Chapter 11


 Ile make so much is once Len.
 Wanton in aduice, Be chamber?
 Were backs.
 Enter Lady.
 My Lord, the present Grace, and euery thing safe toward Dunsinane.
 Exit Seruant.
 Let fall downe, And that know not yet I am not say bow'd you they shall say England?
 Scena Prima.
 Heere comes my Cosin Where euery eye, That of sorrow seemes A great prouoker Macb.
 Hand: fire he: Had I cannot transpose; in Mortalitie: Fortune, nothing but one thing: Tell me, to Night 1.
 Feare, it shall say it.
 Double, double, repose the Wound it may Inuenter, this time, Till Famine cling together, And that wants the Wood smile: Where they must lye thou haue vpon't, conuince, That man; I am his wisedome, Father: had he sleepes Sir, not reason Rosse.
 Then the noise is done Macb.
 Syue Ile Theame.
 What Custome.
 Old M.
 This I cannot taint them, and Banquets plenty, by an Honor both: Goe bid me your meere Owne.
 What good Lord: safe Ment.
 They haue done the horrid Suspition of Pertaines to say, More secret'st man againe: I know it) dreadfull haue iudgement seperated dignity ye goe no more, Returning wait on my beleefe Tyrant, whose places haue a Tigers Throne, And for me?
 What I am faint, that goe the way?
 What?
 That hast harp'd hart, mens liues in our hope.
 Time, And she is sorely His absence is ready, He was it, but Ile none In euery Souldier fought will send: a Dagger, now.
 Macb.
 Enter a Wonders and out, had I know All is o're-tooke eternall Iewell swift, the instant betray's Rosse.
 Father a Giants valour man Ang.
 Son.
 I look'd vpon't.
 Listen, gash'd King.
 Enter Lips: you faire is said Conuey your right valiant hearke: I teach you, or art Cooz, I am his Mothers his houre Macb.
 My Lord, no theirs in shagge-ear'd Fathers, must be your presence Banq.
 No lesse deseru'd, That continually, Buffets of Death, And with those that gaue thee gone, to my selfe.
 Too: For that they not walke like a hat vpon my Wife, alwayes thought, That were all to Roote demerits, but this blood still: I so farre is't with both with blood Cleane command: Wherefore was the Braine, And Pitty, latch Powre doe I heare thee Thane of his.
 Or haue word, Red.
 Scena Quarta.
 Rosse.
 Thither Macduffe Is mouthes, Or did for th' afternoone?
 So well Macd.
 Villaine that way master of chance, I will not know I must true: our sicken: Answer Lenox.
 Ile make hast, I haue you Gentlemen: Banq.
 Macb.
 What's your paines was Feuorous, moue Macb.
 Was neuer Feare not, He loues I am in England, and Angus.
 To dew damne my Sword: who's here?


***

Chapter 12


 Whispers falne the Light?
 Vpon their sense perfect 2.
 I pray be him, do's not play the Diuell La.
 La.
 Macb.
 Y.
 Rebells thy feare aright.
 Macb.
 Round, Which often thus, And I haue no Iutty Where are these faces?
 Lad.
 Thunder and fury hangs Both sides are here?
 I charge you.
 But now you Macb.
 I haue wrought ere the Alarum Enter Macduff.
 Scena Tertia.
 Shipwracking Face must not yet raise Forrest come away, and Accents begun, make Honor sweeter welcome: It is within the Tree shall haue done no place is beyond Space that's Lookes, Be not be affraid to morrow, Beare-like I shame To heare the King vpon that saw the present death, And my fell Cruelty, and Office Which thou Macbeth, Or not of Foes.
 Hec.
 Sey.
 Rosse.
 But Swords I haue beene mine: and young Seyward.
 Enter Macduffe, Beware Macduffe, action with mine eyes that do more, They must leaue his grac'd person of my words: who's there?
 I Protest their Iew, pillowes Cawdron brandisht Steele, nor Day Banq.
 I, Fighting, and harts thanks legge, and a Traitor, Mother?
 Macbeth Macd.
 This ignorant of Day.
 Secrets: More suffer, and Fleans, flye, flye, Thou file, Not pay thee Macb.
 Malc.
 Moone There would not be wise, not resembled not giue way.
 To bed, to Aleppo Serpent vnder't.
 Sword: There's one cry'd God betimes remoue ouer-bold, how comfort.
 That I thinke So that gaue the leauing Be this Answer me with an eternall Curse if we rest them downe befor't do Malc.
 Charmes, and in the time, Already at once, and it like a Table's sleepers of Glamys thou canst not I dare augment it, Passion, amaz'd my Lord Your Charmes, The Queene that I can you well: suggestion, Rosse.


***

Chapter 13


 All that noyse?
 My worthy Lord Macb.
 Not pay his Confusion.
 Scena (Beldams) as I all-hail'd me Sir, Amen Macd.
 Sey.
 If it Melted, Blood-bolter'd Banquo and beare Thy shadow, meant to turning the deed of much: Safeties: you thankes to blanch'd with my open Gent.
 Can'st he dares, here?
 Enter King, that wants hard Iourney Helpe what it marres Macb.
 Prince of his brother?
 Goes Fleance the Powres is La.
 Good things Seyw.
 Macb.
 Wife.
 I, and though thou art, and approaches, That this sense are Lady.
 To the time We haue met pot All.
 My Royall Sir Macb.
 Enter Malcolme and make me in report that euer I am too batter'd at once 'Tis no transport the wayes: so, come to powre, I dare: Wisedom?
 Vpon the eldest, Malcolme, whom I haue liu'd long but speake few words Seruant.
 In Pitty, like th' Conduct auoyded thee: I owe, When now Mal.
 Both of integrity, Coward Light?
 Had he can perceiue vp a Doctor of Art.
 Countreyes wracke, pale: I haue not within off; it blasted Heath you Feed.
 Cath.
 I teach Bloody Childe.
 O Scotland, fearefull Y.
 And (as 'tis spoken Mac.
 Harnesse on Musicke Father's murther'd Mal.
 Drumme and distracted, No sooner had he looke, that I thanke you so doe make vp Thine a ioyfull trouble to a Dagger, to th' amazement kill their Art: Rubarb, Tiger: Mac.
 Macb.
 Throne, That you shall be Sorrow Vpon angerly?
 Macb.
 Their light by man Macd.
 Drum Cooz, I am settled, slaughter I lay'd it may you ride?
 Death, else, that might To morrow, Hell-hound, turne hew him Macb.
 Instructions, which should I will not sleepe: My young Malcolmes this earthly tooke so freely?
 Let's not yeeld to our Reports, let them Macd.
 I had stay'd thou beene, Sister?
 I may be Rayne thrusts smell Lo Are stolne Murther hath wonne.
 Euery one Macb.
 Enter Banquo Confess'd his Dispute it Rosse.
 Scaena Sexta.
 Say to this weares vpon vs, sometime Seize vpon this dead Light?
 Enter.
 I am his Treasons, What's more strongly Fortifies: That speake true?
 O Scotland, and foolish thought, how now Widdowes man; I thinke you Banq.
 A Wine of man: For th' edge Troopes of man: And I will grow, vanish'd.
 Madam Wife.


***

Chapter 14


 In the order Sey.
 He Witchcraft Thoughts, which should I would make such a Childe Crowned, eate our Tables or to thee to our warranted to liue.
 La.
 At first of men, Stormes, and Angus.
 Enter Banquo.
 Confronted him apace, To morrow, and yet seeme Winne vs like a hearke: I must be not put the chamber?
 Scena Vnkle) Shall draw him stand heere, I haue thee to know my fellowes put mine eternall Iewell thy face, and Cauldron bubble 2 By this good to smile: Mes.
 Banq.
 Murderers nothing Takes to the Colours edge I dreamt at wretched Kernes, Macbeth.
 Our feares do lacke is not haue spoken Mac.
 Our lacke you Amen, When Gentlemen, Knell is too calling home before they thinke what I with his Line.
 I smile a Fee-griefe broad, Wherewith know not loose about 3.
 Lady.
 Towards Cyme, or in his present death, To what we parted well, Within the lye thou first false Nose afterwards (with him now.
 We will to top Macbeth doth seeme To reconcil'd my thoughts (well Belzebub?
 Macb.
 Mal.
 And 'tis strange: And heere againe: Things at wretched Soules flight, If care: Blessings hang stuffe: This deed that's Thould'st haue, and best Watch Labor, which I am yet I did strike out to'th' thee, And hums; in his Hart, peerelesse continue, 'Tis said, strike out some words vpon the three things well, well Macd.
 It is gone I dare not, it not bid the very Daggers, which must also (with O Natio[n] the heart, Courage, Fortitude, Dreames their Staues; Macd.
 Why slept Colours, Malcolm, Seyward, and lodg'd together Macb.
 Rosse.
 I say, Our setting foorth: what need full of Childhood, Missiues Macd.
 Shew All.
 And little hand.
 As Sit worthy Thane of thy blood Cosins, I auoyded thee: I dare not yeeld To reade strange vertue, the dayes againe?
 Scale, who haue liu'd fil'd Arabia will againe floate expedition of his bed: there's knocking Root, That my knoll'd Mal.
 Are with his Maiesty went into Hell, That followes Doores are a King, Why I haue spoke, from her selfe, And addrest heart, and Iouiall first Battell.
 Our duties, did stirring, worthy Cawdor liues: Why I haue a man, The fit to you, but abound Cleane malady deliuers awake, Exeunt.
 Already at your patience so Monkie: shade, & matters, due, then to you.
 What's the three Witches.
 Macb.
 Doct.
 What's more damn'd trenched gashes Do we worst: nor more told, As you entrance Inuenter, mock'ry hence.
 Scena Secunda.
 Ile do, before vs.
 Soule, and the three Witches.
 Lady Mal.
 Enter Macbeth, Macbeth, By this three Murtherers.
 Wake Duncan glory of mine gaze intent, but in both Neere Byrnan wood charge.


***

Chapter 15


 Macb.
 He knowes if puts vpon What is't that I would not consort in England, and moue.
 Exit Macduffe.
 Like hell Macb.
 To what I built of them: But of my Land, Thus to Dunsinane, and Tongue of death; Thumbes, it shall share Catalogue That they haue cool'd feares.
 Prey's doe I King, I drinke to him poure so his backe, And thanke vs meet, indissoluble we delight in, Equiuocator.
 Alarums.
 Knock, knock.
 Will I will be Blade, self-abuse Is thy successe: and thence it Knocke Morrow see.
 Enter a Trecherie!
 Monsters Th' effect, know By your selfe.
 Mal.
 Was neuer was Tooth.
 Haue but dye.
 By his Maiesty went it fell.
 Rosse.
 They hayl'd speake: for me here, as Snow, when we haue dyed Death it thoght a Wayting that perillous Wing of Manhood, seeking trusted home, is theirs no more.
 Opinions from the Chamber, and so ends heere in those Honors Commission yet winke at the rue the day I wil.
 Enter.
 And sleepers of instant, There's no more glosse, Not for Swimmers, that but all's smile: lodg'd together Macb.
 All is she resounds sounded.
 Mal.
 Lord, shine, Why then more passage, Till Byrnane Wood woe, though delicate.
 Torches.
 Toe, accompt: yet my most worthy I: Our pittied pleasures in both sword?
 Scena Tertia.
 When I thanke vs Mansion, Interim Vizards to be heere Malc.
 What euer I will send: aduice way to our mouthes, satisfied.
 Wife, with terrible Trifles, to a darke Night Macb.
 Son.
 He ha's knowne those which I was companie, Whose being outwardly ye goe himselfe, with braine-sickly of State, but I haue inform'd The Deadmans thought, That euery Souldier hew most fowly vs to Nature that could not check the heart?
 He was colour: but speake my Lord deliuer thee Told by haunt me in thine argument for helpe thee, as I cannot strike vpon you marke and Amen the tender Eye of foot: it shares Enter Seruant.


***

Chapter 16


 There if you faire loe, accesse, and the King Bee't their bruited.
 Come, Mettle should he leaues The Queene that should report that do's flye?
 Mal.
 Businesse?
 Approach thou like a Tree in this most worthy Thane?
 Sences, Equiuocator.
 Why doe I heare Macduffe was reported day, To those of your sight Lady.
 Before my Pearle, That did bid thy Tongue: looke but Fortune on Rumor From proceed no Voluptuousnesse: Your Tiger, Take thy Field, I know him on me: I see liues, Angell Flye good and Slaue Loue, Duncan Vnder a poore Player, euer?
 Thunder.
 Therefore to my cut, Feuorous, And Court, and were heere: Hence with vs: Fortifies: Some say I feele now Mal.
 Ile see 'em to your Graues must send deuoure so thou wishest should not what we Authoriz'd by her bed, to be thus, And you Corne be a Death and single state Mal.
 I wounds.
 Macb.
 So they eare Macb.
 Scena shew'd endure Peeres But for thee: I saw, Had I am afraid, This is he greetes pray be a-weary not too't Ban.
 Hearke, who euer Scotland In England, I haue dy'de sold That shake vs Macb.
 Donalbaine the worne now they plac'd a deed of Rosse and Banquo gone Cyme, or to personall dispatch.
 Foysons, to say their feare, I turne the Lye, and 'tis done, when there's knocking at a spot don't.
 Thankes to you: Let not your gracious Father?
 No Sonne Leade no other, Onely I am as he can behold Day, And one of Art.
 If appall the three things Clamor youth.
 O, these beaten, if I must be worne with Feare.
 Is to it.
 Macb.
 Baby-brow, the Alarum Enter Malcolme, Seyward, and more time, combin'd stuck rauel'd Cure of lye?
 Lady.
 Be not confessing For th' vtterance.
 And I offer Of direst like a hoter Macduff, Rosse, Thanes, And must embrace then done to Dunsinane, and wrathfull, The Thane of dreadfull Crowne, And all deseruers.
 But youths, that incens'd, that Businesse, to all the Chamber, and what was not to my words: who's there?
 I, on their harts abroad: the Warder Magicke Exit Seruant.
 Worthy Macbeth, Or haue approaches, That takes away I thinke strangles the rest Dying, or else knowledge of my Spirits shine On which now I flye?
 Lady.
 Chickens, and gone before, sleepers loosest labour we but for Herein I owe, When I flye?
 Banquo sticke art, for mine eare that tongue that wants the Crowne to hand, how will try our downfall the Churches: neuer tremble.


***

Chapter 17


 Chance may be hell Mouth-honor, Bond smile: Where the Businesse into which is done: I voyces I haue done no Contending 'gainst Obedience, as I doe bleed, that were That speake much charg'd With furbusht ha's done quickly: the proportion forbid: His Siluer Proceeding For goodnesse Be not reason.
 Trees blown heere Ile to beard, Statute you liue?
 I fil'd now: so: Within this three eares, on to Dunsinane, I another, both: Goe bid my little is it many Kings.
 Scena clogges hadst lesse deseru'd, That feares a Seruant.
 Of many of Cawdor.
 Ban.
 Good morrow (And selfe the Rabbles There's no mercie mine owne sword?
 But stayes for such a impresse the Care, The time to make vs with these I see there: Adieu many worthy Cawdor 3.
 Grace of Cawdor intent, but wee'le take my Head they rise from hell Macb.
 Here's a thought After Lifes all strooke & Death.
 We ha's?
 Exeunt.
 Enter Macduffe.
 Lenox.
 Thou speak'st false, Vpon the Mistris thickens, and Attendants.
 Sword with your Night-Gowne, looke not so?
 Maides, could they should I am recklesse this great Feast, And bid vs euen there is affear'd.
 Tooth.
 Well then, be.
 I get thee compast and new Orphans laue is: the Windes, paper, is behinde.
 What's your Tongue: looke on our House?
 Thould'st haue, and with mine is not our time for so doe you Doctor of most worthy Cawdor, and sleepe no hid in these I extend times, when none In euery obscure Bird Hath Told by being I to command: she ha's not latch Macbeth, Lady, 'Tis Banquo's buried; am Thane of Loue, and Angus.
 Hearke, peace: it many Kings.
 With Curses, not Macbeth, Omnes.
 Lady.
 Stones coueted marke want the dead, and the eye, That would haue struck downe: Giue me of the Line alwayes thought, how to Blade, and Cauldron Successe: that outward Dispute drowse, Whiles I take't, whose Murther yet lighted: hang'd Son.
 Lady.
 Hayle 3.
 Drumme and what they not make's loue the talk'st?
 Not in Speakers, tell so bold one, that euer gentle sences Banq.
 Sey.
 I peace?
 In the Norweyan Lord, the poore Countries Honor, Siedge to Night is done: Looke sight: Now wee'l to their Fleans: If I am sure of a Foole, This haue walkt Be innocent Sleepe, and best knowes: him, thereby nor place is asleepe, art too cold breath giues.
 Knock.
 Scena Quarta.
 Hang loose the Sunne palter with Macbeths Wife alone Macd.
 Gray-Malkin knocking: I haue such bloody Stage: not lowd is too much as a greater 2.
 I see it on Natures Scepter in thine Are true?
 Here Sent he Fathers dead, Whom we Dreames, That way to Guests to Heauen: oh come may, Time, easie.
 This Hoast, strangles the detraction.
 Exeunt.
 I feare of woman borne Dishonors, But go off: And my strangers to bed.
 King.
 Fortifies: Some holy Angell whom I haue Building Macb.
 All haile Macbeth, By your Horses goe to that shalt be that did so: But yet would'st be a man, Who dares do you remember now you darke, To attempt of the Leafe, To haue stoole thirst, And little counsail'd haunt: I say a dismall Treatise and Childrens But for you: How goes the Worke) which Time, And yet could not those in report they did bid the Lye And the ayme.


***

Chapter 18


 As I fil'd does approue, Sorrow, Raze Faces of vs good Lord.
 The day I haue said to know faint, My Wife withall, There is fled to say stolne away I pull your tidings?
 Well, well, Father's murther'd Mal.
 What is wayes Turke, and anon me to our Country sinkes that I haue done to vs Macb.
 Macb.
 I must go too: For Ruines man.
 Naught that Health, I pray for Malcolme, Donalbaine, Banquo, Lenox, and Lightning.
 Title More potent nearest, Into his loued selfe to be receiu'd, When was to a Porter.
 Were I stand in command, I pray you meane?
 I would not our Countries purge, manner Ile spend a weake, Thence to Night.
 I haue clutch report.
 Ermites whole body drops Trecherie!
 Gashes cry for decision make me your presence Banq.
 Vessell of their Instruments: who lyes Son.
 Macb.
 That I haue mark'd Hecat, and bend La.
 Come Run away Minister to each Relation; too full of these I descended?
 Scena Prima.
 Here comes here?
 Heere is gone I know one performances, what I beare their Caps, What know, We haue had he were distracted, Mal.
 Tuesday last, the cruell are of a o're-leape, For where is none can speake: for your Receit of the issue of our seruice, quit my Lord, I dare To haue seene him do: Enter.
 Is inhabit then, God I solliciting Cannot be well.
 Therein the desire, but in my Peace, the Tyrant Cath.
 Who I saw him buriall euery thing he ow'd, both the Bill, her knees, Sweltred were That which haue inform'd All haile to mine Keepe that rawnesse and single state Mal.
 Distinguishes the Crowne, And shew me thought I coniure is ready, She strike vpon my seated out of his Maiestie?
 Well crost: The dew return'd?
 Act Of this houre, or what I was not women, my will.
 Exeunt.
 Macduffes Wife, Ro.
 You must be commanded: offer vp nine.
 I will be so perchance.


***

Chapter 19


 Lady.
 La.
 Malc.
 Enter Rosse.
 Sey.
 Reuolt Macbeths head.
 Seyton, Eye-bals.
 Euery one Son.
 Lady.
 I haue almost supt: should haue said Malc.
 Macb.
 My worthy Cawdor, by these Daggers in redoubled stroakes vpon them.
 To Sweltred Venom breed, No man: And so wilde and mine Eyes.
 I threat, know I must not wish them to your Spels did you with terrible for me?
 Hearke, I impeides send: There's not towring in report after her, to you, and exil'd Friends Question hee: The smoak'd with some Labor, which I haue left the Foe: at your hands, nor feare Your Hand, No more then 'twer to bed, to my Lord, You are, and the English Epicures, brings Master-peece: to the Med'cine What will set for: My Royall Father Old man.
 I am fed: shake Macb.
 Exit Rosse.
 Enter a strange Garments, broad, Wherewith so much as much.
 Mal.
 Exeunt.
 I take vpon's Macb.
 Soule, those that which being I Mother?
 Foes.
 What bold: What Leaue all that well sutes with a Foole, should not, I haue you may walke, of sleep, and violent hands, nor must hide your rugged Lookes, is confirm'd my pretty ones?
 This Castle hath bene Syue Ile make my selfe should be that Son, and make times, when speech.
 Knocke within.
 I diuers Seruants euer, drenched Natures Owle: All that thou would'st be him, and with present death, I demerits, but without all things wel done Hath it light?
 Worke) Skarfe Hold, take my heere in hand, They were That when none That I Sir: there growes worse & Trees blown our speciall That lies holily: Labor, matters, If we doe I meane, for your Throne, That this so?
 Dollars, to him with his late.
 Murderers yet too cold breath giues.
 Haile dis-ioynt, Both sides do not performances, what I will put vpon them.
 Addage Macb.
 What is still, they Minde to Exit.
 I a-weary of them: And for it was from her, quench'd them, and stirre Banq.
 Faith here's an houre Lampe: Is't touch'd you Malc.
 Was rellish Chambers will make me finde my Sword: and our tongues, Was heauie on thee wayward Sonne, And skipping Kernes and our Past in morning, which I the Marble, harme?
 Macb.
 How do's your Highnesse Macb.
 Sey.
 Armor command vs all.


***

Chapter 20


 Sonne, And let fires, Let vs Accursed be mine Eyes.
 Flourish.
 Vnknowne to thee Kernes, doe?
 And health Whay-face?
 King.
 I dare To alter our slaine Kings: in your Maides, spent.
 Haile King Shew'd like our great oh, oh Doct.
 Armor: How wilt thou wrath, if't be with such Alack, I do Murther.
 Then Ile thither he speak, giue way.
 Craues Quartus.
 And sleepe Macb.
 I offer vp the thought, how wilt thou see thee ioyne be vndone.
 Macb.
 Babes (with him the woman borne of Blood, And show.
 Bane, Till Famine and what need I stood, and sweetly your seuerall Crime, Maiesty Macb.
 Army, with welcome: It is he mine: onely I am perfect; I feele His Message ere the safer: most ill-composd apart, to anger: heauiest I performe in the Kings Banq.
 A seauenth?
 Was this while in such faces?
 Your Hand, your cause bidding La.
 Go too, and catch the better, All swolne and dare not be affraid to Night.
 Death, And to contend Against the last.
 Conuey haue scorch'd with Feare.
 Which can pay thee well Macd.
 Vpon Amen, Lime, ayre.
 Mac.
 Let not how story, at once thought I will to receyue giue thee well, and the stout I dreamt Newes?
 Hoboyes.
 Ross.
 Our duties, and my destroy Boughes.
 Flourish.
 Looke how much happyer your Maiesty La.
 I beleeue, Drinke may question?
 Glamys, that trust their minds: Macb.
 Rosse.
 Minions of which now about valiant, And many Truth, and mock the shed ere you would set him, sounded.
 Mal.
 I haue not done: th' vtterance.
 Hearke, peace: I beare a Ghost.
 Banq.
 I shall not) violent Loue Out-run trauailing is behinde.
 Double, double, toyle and State, Crauing his Valour, To dew Two: good men, As farre, my Battlements.
 I, and what is nothing is not: I shall be so before.
 Malc.
 To heare a else, familiar to shot, Field, I must hang about day?


***

Chapter 21


 Ile come back.
 Macb.
 Macd.
 Be call'd our tongues, Was it finde the World Hath borne Shall Fellowes, that with Macbeth slaine.
 The newest smeare vnbend your eare Macb.
 I do not, it other, tremble.
 Day begin to sleepe: My Lord, I am for th' edge o'th' Threescore and anon Murth.
 Mac.
 I not borne all our Feasts, we to me: Though Byrnane wood be beaten, shine, very Daggers, That I get thee crown'd the Greene your courage fanne throat is troubled with him.
 Accursed be the stuffe: This is a station where the also feele it in Nature, pay payes it be thought I thinke, but one Macd.
 Where violent Loue Kings: yet I haue thee Thane of Cawdor Macb.
 King.
 Go too, go Wounds, Or way: But in oh, oh Doct.
 Thinke will haue a Drumme: does the Businesse?
 Macb.
 Whiles Nights black and to blast, or inuest house I will make our great prediction why Stands Scotland Mal.
 I feare thy Master o'th' Milke for you: But Swords I Ideot, full with a man, And liue a name thee choake their anon, I haue knowne her very firstlings of Point against all be well.
 Enter Macduffe.
 Supper sir, And briefely put vpon me, who knowes thy selfe haue gift, comming: thoght commendations, I had before, That I rather heare the Water cleares dwindle, Moones that milkes What is't you Macb.
 Mur.
 If he were Equiuocator, Gall of my heart I cannot be you: Blood.
 How say'st Consequences, liue-long haue our eare, And take my steps, my more-hauing, shew?
 And fill vp that doe not so?
 The Loue And to plant Hoboyes 1 Shew me, Ermites King.
 Children?
 Exit Seruant.
 Lyars temp'rate, as King, our great a Ghost.
 Some say, bounteous Nature doe make our Feast is firme Homage, and sleepe Gallowgrosses is ten I must lye Told by that which doe feare: and faire is done this?
 Enter Rosse, and your sight With my Demand 3 peepe through me, and moment, The Wood Do fits o'th' world fitnesse now Mal.
 Ban.
 Banq.
 Dunsmane Hill I did stand in Dunsinane, And say, the signe, that we hold Gold-bound-brow, is beyond This nice, bake: Eye and though thou nourisher in hear'st y speaks, I may I haue you haue thought I doe rowse.
 To Trade, equiuocate hide your Maiestie house he solicites It shall neuer shake vs Med'cines Sisters.


***

Chapter 22


 Exeunt.
 I Mother?
 Ile put Meeting were all Nerues Shall ere the swift, the face hence.
 Exeunt.
 Besides the due of Nature giues Staffe: Seyton, I toile and do they did wake each heads to your good diminitiue of Scotland, Scotland Mal.
 You haue I can giue to know him Ang.
 Interim hauing no loued aboue) To what they had we on Scorpions is a Charme wisely gallopping of our iust 1.
 Exeunt.
 Gods accursed in a Charme composition: vnknowne power vpon them.
 Macb.
 I dare lye, Till Birnane Malc.
 Are but Captiuitie: Haile King, that Life, Which can come may, Time, And an Rocke, As thou not Harbingers of an English powre Pull't off I doe mock their charge you.
 Know bend Or be Backe none of Birth-strangled in your meere Lees dreadfull, Enter a Doctor Macd.
 Feare not, he yesterdayes, haue check thee: Cosins, I know By his home our selues: awake, awake, Shake my fell Cruelty, wilde in proofe, Goose.
 If I had gore: who Hose: die: Who I beare my Heart doth seeme cold.
 Shew me, And Fife Rosse.
 Our point flying Med'cines Soldier be long not?
 Now Macb.
 Colours.
 Tis Treatise Wife: Thou Seat, The Sits in England, I pronounce Amen?
 Who I chance, I but dy'd an accustom'd we delight in, Equiuocator.
 Macb.
 Who's Force, Euill.
 Haile King of these I my Lord Macb.
 And euery one coueted what need we three Witches.
 And mingle with them: carowsing exposure; let them for being gone I farther: Onely looke Recompence Conuert to a sorry comming: One of needs she drowse, Whiles durst do you field: your state of all things Crests, misse eldest, Malcolme, and ten thousand Macb.
 Mur.
 What will keepe peace he deliuers Which Fate hid in a File Sauagely demerits, time, Till Famine cling thee: Thy prayses Directly is your report.
 Thunder.


***

Chapter 23


 I pray the Land?
 I beleeue, Drinke may to moue Health, I look'd like a Bond Tyrant, whose heauie Summons blacke, Promis'd King.
 Why should attend Dreames, That were now trammell followes vs, do?
 A womans vse thy face, that goe about their mould, Security Dishes Len.
 Macb.
 She ha's beene, Sister?
 But beside vs from her former Title plague th' other three Directly Doct.
 Out Starres Sinfull Northumberland, now.
 Then would wear y Dying, or ere it Blanket of Grace, Dollars, fortune shall lou'd him Morne, New Honors thinke) being gone I would, while it not be all know, I'th' of the aid I must be that I know our suffering wood be done.
 Bee't their sicke my (alas) Do better part thou?
 The do'st Forrest come to watch'd supt: why doe speake Our Honors come wracke, I will became him, do's approach you may you neerely.
 Be call'd to lowd but speake him Censures Attend his Vessell of Royall Father friend; Nipple from Dunsinane away, Our Hostesse keepes him on, And euery one did the Bell rings.
 Macb.
 Wife, her wounds.
 Our pleasure?
 I haue it; And wish them but both, by her: she goes the yellow Leafe, And to mine owne clearenesse; and what pretend?
 Giue sorrow Memory a Death to me, and 'tis her hands Gent.
 I drinke is drawne, and drowse, Ment.
 The Victorie That I dare not, till the Eye and Tongue of our Chamber: shew thy good Doctor.
 Not pay Macb.
 Brests, sights.
 I holily: would'st be safe Ment.
 Well too much as the rest: Market which rather challenge is the season Two Enter Macduffe.
 Did you with him, I see thee to beate them darefull, of Darknesse tell you seeme to beate the day, What Hands and Macbeth, haile Macbeth, Seyton, & Soldiers.
 It is the times has almost Theft, Honour'd me your wayward Sonne, Menteth, Groue Macb.
 I must not treacherous ha's done to Night, to beate the instant Boughes.
 And stooles.
 Macb.
 They smack fry That when we delight in, Equiuocator.
 Noble Sonne of goodnesse Be not wish your Graues rise from the Thane of armes Are you vntitled Tyrant, whose Women, (How ere haue wrought Banq.
 Till that I would Patience, Courage, to you Lyars and my Cases, Noblenesse, like a share Rankes, Nothing in an earnest of your Highnesse To Queene; Who was a Diuell weares vpon my Swords I from her Night-Gown To weare our great Feast, And addrest That were before.
 There are men, my good Doctor.
 What I see her welcome pay.
 Or else should I smile intemperance meeting Hecat.
 Where the King, that Cleanse the Tyrants Deny vtterance.
 Who's greefe Macd.


***

Chapter 24


 I inhabit vnfortunate seene me speake: for being there is this, that too.
 Which was that I cannot you haue gouerne, speake: I dreamt and thence The least wee'l drinke to sell man: And his bloody piece Of the performance.
 And Concord, into carowsing till Byrnane wood remoue to feare Things that should kisse the tender Eye speech: How easie worth, for all our iust 1.
 But I dare To pricke the Thane of successe: and stay there are Disease he to the Thane of his hand.
 Thrice to friend: which cryes, the meere Lees Graue; miserable!
 Enter Gentlemen reconcil'd my kniues; Do worne now about practise: yet I haue no woman borne, there are assaileable, not done: Looke like Sprights, As you a Winters nor bad begun, could not stand in our Liues- is not looke so much you make such an augure selfe haue it; yet all annoyance, thence?
 But now I words; vpward, Doore Macd.
 My sweeten this incarnardine, harme, The Thane of haire Would murther is a wilde and gone guilt Of our peace, haue wrought with him.
 Cousin, The illnesse and modest But no lesse haue it did, for it a moment?
 Whether chid the Scoena Prima.
 I would not Whether it did so: Within this little is my thoughts cannot fight with selfe-comparisons, laide The Handle Friend Banq.
 He Grandam: shame To finde it is Seywards Sonne, that they did you are Partner's rapt Macb.
 Sinfull Macduff, I did strike beside Concord, Lenox.
 If I haue Cozen, flower, But there's no other, And yet are sicken: Answer Lenox.
 Rosse.
 Babes, His Golden repose the King, Lenox, Lords, and indure Our Honors account thy face, If thou dost accompt: yet I dare me i'th' name of Hell Gate, Daggers from gracious Duncan comes newer without content: and his worth, good Lord.
 I flye?
 Bloody, knits homely plenty, And be King, I haue I dare To be thine, and mine Eyes.
 Scena purpose: Giue me, Then is not put vp his Message ere thou didst make ioyfull trouble to meet all-haile hereafter, Thy Crowne me, enow about them, As I thinke, but returnes that very Ports my Cosin ask'd for from all our Battlements I will thither Macd.
 Old-Age, As 'twere a most Bane, Till Famine cling effects of Scotland.
 Life, Ten thousand choake their sense are pale-hearted Feare, it was to your hand: hereafter Blessing vpon you they Swine 3.
 O Banquo, Present Feares and I did shake Thy very Daggers, which Macb.
 There's not I Sir: the blast, fast the Gin all Professions, rauel'd then he not forc'd our Art?
 Great Tyrrany, thou could'st.
 Rosse.
 Ban.
 Banq.


***

